[Speaker 1:] Here you go. It's playing right now, yup. [Speaker 2:] All right.
Okay, just start with your name and anything and the stuff that you want to tell us. [Speaker 3:] Well,
[Speaker 2:] Like general information about you. Whatever you want. [Speaker 3:] My name is Donny Schecter. I live in Pickering, Ontario.
I was born in Canada. [Speaker X?:] I attend Ryerson University for social work.
[Speaker 2:] Sorry again? [Speaker 3:] For social work. [Speaker X?:] Oh okay.
[Speaker X?:] Yes.
[Speaker 2:] So you say you were born here in Scarborough? [Speaker 3:] I was born in Scarborough but now I live in Pickering.
[Speaker 2:] Okay, okay. So, Are you gonna switch (mumbles).
[Speaker 1:] Just play between them. [Speaker 2:] Okay so what is, is there a first language?
[Speaker 3:] Well my first language is English because I was born here but I speak Urdu. [Speaker 2:] Okay.
[Speaker 3:] Yes. [Speaker 2:] So are you very proficient, like how good are you with that language?
[Speaker 3:] Well I could have a conversation more than like my cousins because like I speak it better than my cousins
but the thing is I can't never, I can't go back to Pakistan and participate like in an academic environment [Speaker 2:] Yeah.
[Speaker 3:] Like with the really, you know with the thick accent, whatever, you know what I mean?
I might get lost. [Speaker 2:] But do you interact with like people in Scarborough?
With them can you use your language? [Speaker 3:] Yeah, yeah, sure, sure I could do that. [Speaker 2:] Yeah okay so, okay you said that.
Okay so why are you here in the park today? [Speaker 3:] To help out CASSA with the South Asian art event.
[Speaker 2:] Okay so would you like to describe more about that? [Speaker 3:] Well its opportunity
to display South Asian art to the community in the sort of Scarborough Museum area and it's a way for people to get to know more about South Asian art
and for South Asian artists to promote themselves. [Speaker 2:] Do you feel like in Scarborough you feel like that art is not really,
what is it called? It's not portrayed very much or? [Speaker 3:] Like, like,
[Speaker 2:] Like, is it, like, promoted? [Speaker 3:] Yeah. Well there's different type of arts right? Like visual art I'm not a big fan of,
like I don't really, like if I see it I don't really take notice of it and I don't pay attention.
Like, visual art, like, I'm not, lately, like, you know, movies and TVs, you know, I don't believe there's any authenticity
or anything in them except for a way to make money. So I don't really pay attention really. Like there's a lot of, I know there's,
with the South Asian community in North America, there's a lot of films coming out that represent the South Asian community,
at least the Indian community. There's stuff like that happening but in Scarborough in particular,
I'm involved in music, like I've been to certain restaurants where there's, like, local groups playing music, [Speaker 2:] But is this in Scarborough?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah Scarborough. [Speaker 2:] Okay. [Speaker 3:] The thing is I don't really know
about too many venues because I'm not really a big part of that scene. I like music, I like learning about music
but I'm not really a big part of the music scene in Scarborough. Like, I know all across the city there are sometimes nights where they have
abandoned bars or restaurants or whatever and people in local groups just come and play and they could promote themselves that way.
I know that there's, what do you call it? When I was,
a couple of years back I used to like going to certain venues but those were in downtown, not in Scarborough where they played like local rock music.
[Speaker 2:] So you'd like that in Scarborough? [Speaker 3:] Yeah I would like that in Scarborough. A bit nice, if there was like a really,
there probably is but I don't know about it, you know? If there was like a venue where you could hear local music,
especially South Asian artists, I would like that, yeah. [Speaker 2:] Okay. So you say you were born here and,
so how long have you been living in Scarborough like here? [Speaker 3:] Well I was born in Canada, Scarborough and when I was eight I moved to Houston, Texas.
When we came back I lived in Scarborough for two years I guess and then I moved to Calgary for about six months
and then pretty much I've been living in Pickering for the past five, six years. Like a long time, yeah. [Speaker 2:] So you've been to like different places.
Do you think, like, there's a difference between Scarborough versus Texas, Scarborough verus Calgary?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah there's a huge difference. [Speaker 2:] What's different? [Speaker 3:] Well Calgary is not,
it's considered a big city by other standards of cities, by other Canadian standards but, it's not really as diverse
[Speaker X?:] Like diverse? [Speaker 3:] It's not really as diverse.
I mean you see a lot of different people but it feels like you are not in a city. It feels like you're in a prairie, a countryside,
it doesn't feel like a city like Toronto feels like. [Speaker 2:] So what did you feel like, did you feel like disconnected to it?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah I felt so disconnected from like, Toronto feels like you're in the middle of the world or at least the country, you know what I mean? You're in the middle of the world
because there's so much stuff going on and so many different cultures, you see different people every day.
Over there you feel like you're in the middle of nowhere, at least I felt like that. [Speaker 2:] Yeah.
[Speaker 3:] In Calgary, now, and it's, [Speaker 2:] Was it because there wasn't many Indians, sorry South Asians.
[Speaker X?:] Well, there were but,
like in Toronto, like I think the population has shifted where it's like Europeans or white Canadians
aren't the majority anymore. Is that true? [Speaker 2:] Mhm.
[Speaker 3:] At least it's gonna shift or something. [Speaker 2:] So it's more diverse. Is that what you're saying?
[Speaker X?:] Yeah it's more diverse basically.
Over there it's, it's mostly, you know, white Canadians. Just to be honest right?
It's mostly white Canadians and there's a wary, passive aggressive energy there.
Where people just feel bitter to me sometimes. [Speaker 2:] Oh okay. [Speaker 3:] And you feel a racist attitude towards your people.
[Speaker X?:] So how do you feel that?
Do you feel that same thing here? [Speaker 3:] No I don't feel in Toronto, in Scarborough. I feel it more there
and like it's just like little things, you know what I mean? That I feel have racist tendencies behind them like,
for example like I was working in like, a Tim Horton's right? And like for example like, stuff happens all the time.
It also has to do with, you know, you're working as a restaurant, you're working in a restaurant
so people all of a sudden feel like, "I'm the customer I have the right to do whatever." So it doesn't really depend on race
but for example like, one girl just asks a white guy, like you know? I mean I'm sorry, I don't mean to offend anybody.
[Speaker X?:] That's okay.
[Speaker X?:] Oh no no. Actually I'm mixed so, [Speaker 3:] Okay okay.
But I'm just saying, you know, it's mostly a Calgary thing you know what I mean? Because it's just that even like, you know,
even certain white people in Toronto say it's like redneck city, you know what I mean? And the girl basically just asked him, "would you like a try for your drinks?"
and he's like, and he said it in a rude aggressive manner, "no I would like to carry it."
You know, I mean what is the point of that? I mean we're doing a job we're asking a simple question
all you do is just say yes or no, you know what I mean? [Speaker 2:] So you don't feel that sort of enviroment in Toronto? Have you ever experienced it in Scarborough?
[Speaker 3:] Not to that level. I mean obviously, you know, people are people, people are depressed, people are happy
and you're gonna see it everywhere but, there's not, there's not a,
there's not a feeling of you hear it and there's one people better than everybody else. It's not, at least I don't feel it, you know what I mean? [Speaker 2:] Yeah.
[Speaker 3:] Or at least I'm around so many different cultures where I don't notice it myself, you know what I mean? [Speaker 2:] So like if you have more,
so it does not mean that you need more of your South Asians but you need like so many different diverse communities [Speaker X?:] Yeah, yeah.
[Speaker X?:] so that you don't
actually feel like you're the one being targeted? [Speaker 3:] Yeah yeah, exactly, exactly. It's like you don't feel you're standing out, right? It feels like you belong
like everybody else sort of belongs, at least a little bit, you know what I mean? [Speaker 2:] So like, are you saying that
if you stand out as someone different then you don't feel like you belong here or? [Speaker 3:] Well,
it could be that too. It's like you feel like you stand out, you know, if you're like a dot in like a sea, you know what I mean? Or something like that
but it's also just me mostly growing up in cities like Toronto and Scarborough that I'm also used to it, you know what I mean?
Just the way there's a certain feeling you get when you walk around the city.
[Speaker X?:] Yeah. [Speaker 3:] Like the way things feel
when you look at things you know what I mean? And it's very different.
[Speaker X?:] So it's very familiar? [Speaker X?:] Familiar yeah yeah, exactly.
[Speaker X?:] So that is a way you feel like, how you feel the land?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah, yeah. [Speaker X?:] Yeah.
[Speaker X?:] Yeah. Yeah.
[Speaker 2:] So are you very, you said you were very involved in the community here? [Speaker 3:] Well I'll be honest like,
would you like me to talk about Houston a little bit or no? [Speaker 2:] Like you can compare Scarborough to Houston. [Speaker 3:] The thing is, in the States, right?
They don't require you to, I don't know if this is true or not, but they don't require you to do community service
to graduate from high school, they require 40 hours, something like that. So when I came here I was pretty much
done with my high school. I had like a year left. So I never, in my youth, I never really did a lot of community service.
I'm getting into it now because my field is social work, right? Which I'm studying.
It really requires for you to be in the community to show on your portfolio and you know what I mean? Because it's,
like what I'm doing here is probably what I'm gonna be doing for, not forever, you know what I mean? But like stuff like this I'm gonna be doing
with different agencies right? [Speaker 2:] So like just to clarify. So you think like because they have
this programme in high school people feel more belonged into the society? Because they have this community research, resource thing?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah well I believe because high school requires certain amount of hours to graduate, it really helps students become involved in the community,
especially youth, and experience different things happening in the community and network with different people in the community
and it basically builds more connections to the community I feel, right? Rather than just, you know,
going to school, getting your grades and going to university or college. [Speaker 2:] Do you have any experience, or whatsoever, by working like,
do you wanna tell a story about what happened when you were involved in the community in Scarborough? [Speaker 3:] Well I've been with CASSA about like,
two or three months, I haven't been a long time. Like what type of experience do you want to know? [Speaker 2:] Any kinda like special story that stood out
where you felt like belonged or you felt like disconnected. [Speaker 3:] Well, okay. For my field placement, right?
Like it's, I worked at a non-profit organisation, just like CASSA it's non-profit organisation,
but the work was different. It was with a refugee shelter and this is also a non-profit organisation
but this is more like, working with the community, right? Not working with individuals and even,
so the feeling is totally different, like at my, where I did my field placement it was very,
a bitter place because it was like a job people were doing everyday and it was very on an individual basis.
So it was not really for me. I would like to work more on like a community base level. Maybe do some advocacy work in the future, political work, you know.
It's stuff like that, not, [Speaker 2:] So you feel like you belong here because you are like,
you feel more connected to the society when you are doing like individual, kind of? [Speaker 3:] No actually,
when you do individual stuff you don't get a chance to work in the community. Like what you do in CASSA here, you work on one project then you'd work on another project
and then you're moving around all the time. You're not in the same place everyday. You're not doing the same thing everyday.
So you're doing different stuff. So I guess it makes you more familiar with different parts of the city, in Scarborough,
and it also allows you to see, like I didn't know this place existed, you know what I mean? Before I came to Scarborough Museum I didn't know anything about the Bridging Festival,
what we had before, before this so it allows me to become more familiar with the stuff going on.
Network with people, like I play a little bit of music I might be able to network with Scarborough organisations
if I want to do that. So it allows, it gives them more chance to be involved with the community that was like you just come to the same place everyday
you do the same thing you help, you assist the same people and people get very bitter.
It's not that I didn't like the clients. It's just a weird bitter environment where people are doing this for years and years and years
and they don't like it anymore. _ [Interviewer] Okay. [Speaker 3:] You know what I mean? [Speaker 2:] Yeah so you doing like a routine?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah, yeah, yeah. [Speaker 2:] Okay, okay. So do you feel like Scarborough has changed over the years?
Like lots of other people have like, differences in communities, [Speaker 1:] Or you can do a comparison
based on different plays that you have been to. [Speaker 3:] Well, like I did one with Calgary, right? That's the comparison there.
I don't think I've really noticed, from my life, too much change because like,
I was here in my childhood but then in my youth also I've lived in Houston and then I came back here.
So most of my adult life, so I missed a large portion of my life, you know what I mean? I was here in my childhood which I don't remember much
because I was very young. [Speaker 2:] Yeah. [Speaker 3:] And then I moved to other parts of the city,
to other cities and then I came back when I was an adult. [Speaker 1:] I'm sorry,
I don't mean to interrupt you but you said that you finished your high school in Houston, [Speaker 3:] Well I, [Speaker 1:] Well not finished, finished it in Scarborough
but started it in Houston. Was there a little comparison compared to the education system
in Houston versus Scarborough was it something, was there something better, something not so much?
[Speaker 3:] Well I feel the quality of the education in Canada is much higher. The standards are higher. [Speaker 1:] Yeah.
[Speaker 3:] And, [Speaker 1:] In terms of community involvement you said that Houston does not
require any volunteer opportunities, [Speaker 3:] Yeah. [Speaker 1:] So you did not get out there.
[Speaker 3:] Yeah. [Speaker 1:] Was there in terms of representation, in terms of connecting or belonging as you were saying in the community?
Was there a difference of Houston versus Scarborough? [Speaker 3:] The atmosphere of going to high school there the environment,
like, one thing I've just noticed like you know, it felt like a whole nother world, like, even Houston is one of the most
multicultural cities in the US, right? And Houston is very multicultural. Toronto's very multicultural but it's like a world of difference, right?
When I, in Houston, [Speaker 2:] How? [Speaker 3:] Okay first of all there's a lot of gang violence
at least to the high schools I went to. There's a lot of violence. There's a lot of animosity towards people.
There's always fights and stuff like that going on over there at least from what I remember from my high school, like, you know what I mean?
There's a lot of that type of stuff. Like, over here you wouldn't see it but like, I'm just being truthful,
you know?
[Speaker X?:] Yeah that's fine. [Speaker 3:] It's just like, you know, you would be on the bus and everywhere you go
you see gang signs being thrown up and it was like that, you know what I mean? Not that it was all people in gangs. [Speaker 2:] Was there a specific experience
that stood out in Houston? [Speaker 3:] Not really experience. Like I was never involved in that stuff.
[Speaker X?:] Right.
[Speaker X?:] But it's like you see fights, you see gang colours all the time. Stuff like that.
All the time.
[Speaker X?:] When I say your experience I don't mean your involvement
[Speaker X?:] Yeah. [Speaker 1:] but something that you may have encountered in your high school life.
[Speaker 3:] Not, Not personally,
[Speaker X?:] It's okay if you can't think [Speaker 3:] Not personally because I wasn't involved
but like, personally, like you know, you just see colours, like gang colours, like do-rags and you see signs being thrown up all the time
and it was like that. When you come to Toronto, it's very diverse, there's also gangs here and there's also the violence here
but it's not really as much out in the open as it was there and it's not,
it's like you get an atmosphere where people are more relaxed, you know what I mean? And relaxed toward each other
and not, you know, that angry, you know? Because the professors, the teachers were angry. The students were angry at each other and it was like that type of environment pretty much.
[Speaker 2:] Why do you think that people are not hostile towards each other in Scarborough?
[Speaker X?:] I think it's
[Speaker X?:] Why do you think we are not segregated into gangs and stuff? [Speaker 3:] I think it's just the,
it's not just to do with Toronto. I think it's overall the atmosphere of being Canada and it's involved in being in Scarborough too, right? I feel the Canadian mentality is
a little bit more laid back than it is in the States. Due to our history, due to a lot of different things. You know what I mean?
And it's just a little bit more laid back. That's the best answer I will come up with right now. [Speaker 2:] That's fine.
Okay so, are you thinking of settling down in Scarborough? [Speaker 3:] Well I live in Pickering so I'm gonna be there for a while, you know?
[Speaker 2:] Okay. [Speaker 3:] But it's really close, like everything I pretty much do is in Scar,
I'm not too involved in Pickering especially because it's small. Like, my, well everything I do at least
is in Toronto, right? I feel comfortable with Scarborough. I pretty much know almost every major intersection, like I could imagine it in my head
so like if I wanted to go somewhere, if someone gave me directions, I'd just need to know the major intersection
I could probably get there. [Speaker 2:] So geographically you're fine with this area, so yeah.
[Speaker 3:] Yeah I'm really fine. Like I'm really comfortable with Scarborough. Like I've travelled a lot around Scarborough. So I'm really comfortable with this
Eastern, South part of the city Scarborough. Yeah sorry what was your question again from the beginning?
I think I led me off track. [Speaker 2:] I was just like, are you going to settle down here?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah, no. I'm gonna stay in Pickering. Scarborough, Pickering, these areas right here. [Speaker X?:] Yeah.
[Speaker X?:] Yeah, yeah.
[Speaker 2:] Okay so, do you feel like the Scarborough community promotes a sense of connectedness
and community belonging? [Speaker 3:] Now that I'm involved in, like with CASSA and the Scarborough Museum,
I feel it does and now that I'm being involved in so many, like just these past two events. I've just been with two events with CASSA. This event right here, Scarborough Museum
and the Bridging Festival which is, which we had a bunch of different artists all across Toronto.
We had a DJ and each artist was promoting themselves. We had so many different organisations come together.
So I feel there is. There's a lot of networking involved but I was just not aware of it before I was involved in the community, right?
[Speaker 2:] So that's why like lots of people are not getting involved in the community, it's because you feel like they're not getting
information about these events? [Speaker 3:] Yeah. I feel that is one of the reasons.
I feel that is like, it depends on if it's relevant to them, right? Like even over here you have all these houses, probably I don't know, there's a lot of houses here, right?
But I mean you see bits of people coming out, not as much, so they're not promoted I guess, as much as they should be, these events.
Even at the Bridging Festival there were not a lot of people and there was a lot of residential areas
in that space right? So I guess they're not promoted as well. I mean it requires a lot of funds, right? And it's hard to promote these type of things.
[Speaker 2:] So, I just asked you that. Do you feel a sense of belonging
to the Scarborough community? [Speaker 3:] Yeah sure. I mean more than like other areas of Toronto
because I'm most familiar, like I grew up in Scarborough when I was a kid and, [Speaker 2:] Yeah you kinda answered it with all the others.
[Speaker 3:] Yeah, yeah. [Speaker 2:] Sorry. Okay so,
Is there any part of Scarborough that you feel disconnected from? [Speaker 3:] Any part of Scarborough
that I feel disconnected from? [Speaker 2:] Like any sense of discrimination or? [Speaker 3:] I mean there's certain places like, you don't go. You know, unless,
I mean unless for some reason you have to, right? There's certain neighbourhoods everywhere in the city where you wouldn't go to them,
it wouldn't be a smart idea right? [Speaker 1:] Could you give us like an example of a neighbourhood in Scarborough
you personally wouldn't travel to, [Speaker X?:] Like,
[Speaker X?:] if not needed to go there, you just were like bored. [Speaker 3:] Like you know the Morningside and Kingston area?
[Speaker 2:] Oh so you know specific areas? [Speaker 3:] You know, like that type of area. Like, you know, the Kingston Galloway type of area
and stuff like that. Like I'm not too familiar with it. Like Markham in places, like I'm familiar
because I had a grandmother that lived, I had some family member that lived there and I was close to that area. So like I know where things are, you know?
Like when I don't know where things are, I feel like uncomfortable, yeah. [Speaker 2:] So you won't like explore Scarborough,
you don't wanna explore? [Speaker 3:] I mean, I would like to explore like places like this, right?
I mean this is a nice event, I feel comfortable. Like places where there's a reason for me to go there not just walk around, you understand? Like there's events happening, there's Bridging,
there's events where people come together and new stuff to see, performances. I would like to see that,
like I'd be involved in that right? But like even like areas like Kingston Galloway if there's an event that CASSA is doing in that area
then I wouldn't mind going there right? But like, [Speaker 2:] There's like a bug. [Speaker 3:] These are all over me.
Yeah.
[Speaker X?:] Okay so, do you have like any futuristic views about Scarborough? Like what do you want to see in the future,
if you see like Scarborough as a community? [Speaker 3:] What I would like to see? Hmm.
Well you know, one thing I could think about like, it's gonna cost a lot of money and I think it's not really that useful
to have like a subway coming to Scarborough but still that would be pretty cool right? It would be an easier way
for people in Scarborough to travel. [Speaker 2:] So you think if they travel more often they will feel connected to the community more?
[Speaker 3:] I think it will be more convenient for people to travel around Scarborough if there's a subway going through Scarborough. Is that correct?
Is there a subway being,
[Speaker X?:] They're thinking of it. Like certain candidates, mayoral candidates are talking about doing that.
[Speaker X?:] Yeah.
[Speaker 1:] Is it safe to say that you believe that if we had more, you know, transit systems and, sorry there's a bug,
and more like, you know, just be feasible for transit and for people that travel to Scarborough that it would be more open,
there are more a bigger community in general? [Speaker 3:] What would make, that's a hard question you know?
Like, what would make people belong in the community? That's what you're asking me right?
[Speaker X?:] That's the gist of the
[Speaker X?:] Yeah and like in the future. What do you want for the kind of future for Scarborough? [Speaker 3:] Well one thing could be happen is like, like events like this
that are created to bring the community together. There should be more funds put in, you know, municipally provincially by the government
into promoting these events because it involves the community and it gives them a chance for the community
to really get to know each other, right? [Speaker 2:] Okay. [Speaker 3:] People in the community get to know each other. So events like these being promoted more
and there's more funds being given to the non-profit organisations that deal with this type of stuff.
I mean the infrastructure in Scarborough is, you know, it's not, I mean I don't know, my knowledge of infrastructure isn't that great
but it's not really that bad, you know? It's a pretty safe, like, well it's, you know, it's built a certain way, Scarborough and it's not that bad I guess.
Yeah that's, that's my opinion. What would you say if I were to ask you that?
[Speaker 2:] About like transport? [Speaker 3:] I mean anything, like what would you want to see in Scarborough
to make it more? [Speaker X?:] Yeah.
[Speaker X?:] Or any of you? [Speaker 1:] Well I think, you know, when we do have that whole fest in this park
it creates a huge amount of traffic to the park and a whole lot of bunch of people come together because it's so heavily, you know, promoted in the media,
[Speaker X?:] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[Speaker X?:] And I think that, if we have more things like that such an event where it's just heavily promoted in the media
Scarborough could become a bigger infrastructure and have more connectedness in general but that's just my opinion.
[Speaker X?:] Yeah, yeah. [Speaker 2:] So just one more like question,
you are connected with CASSA, is this with South Asians? [Speaker 3:] Yeah mostly South Asian type of event.
It's a South Asian organisation. [Speaker 2:] So what do you like, like organisations that connect two cultures together
like South Asian versus like Turkish, like have you had any experience where you like have like two cultures together? [Speaker 3:] Yeah sure.
The event we were at, the Bridging Festival. We had all type of cultural performances. We had like an Asian dancer.
We had like South Asian musical performances. We had popular pop music performances, rock music. So it was like, there were a lot of different cultures.
It wasn't really for a South Asian community. We were a South Asian community organisation in that event, right? So we were promoting South Asian
but there was also other stuff being promoted too right?
[Speaker X?:] Okay. [Speaker 3:] So that is an example of how
different stuff comes together sort of, right? [Speaker 2:] Do you have any experience like, like that involves another community?
Maybe like you, like maybe you went for a festival or something? Like personal experience of all that stuff. [Speaker 3:] Well, you know, I should be involved.
Not in Scarborough but like, I know there's like some downtown event that promotes South Asian cultures happening sometime
but I never went to them. However, if there's in Scarborough, like if I knew more about it, if there's like, you know,
classical Pakistani, Indian music shows, South Asian music shows or Middle Eastern music shows I'm really interested in music so I would like to go see that type of stuff.
[Speaker 2:] But you're also open to other cultures? [Speaker 3:] Yeah sure, like Middle Eastern, like Asian cultures.
I like to learn about Eastern cultures a lot. I really like it music wise but yeah, of course, different cultures
I love to learn every type of culture. Like African culture too. I'm a big music person. So I like to listen to music
and just see how it's constructed differently, right? In different cultures, yeah. [Speaker 2:] So anything that involves music?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah pretty much. [Speaker 2:] Do you have any questions? [Speaker 1:] No that's pretty much it.
One thing interesting that I found throughout was, even though you study in Ryerson, which is located in downtown, you're more involved in Scarborough.
Probably because of the geographical area, it's closer to your house, or probably the multiculturalism that appeals to you
but it's just something interesting that we found. [Speaker 3:] Yeah exactly. Yeah, because I lived most of my life in the East, right?
So even though I go to Ryerson, this is the first time in my life I'm really going there on a regular basis, to downtown. So I might become more involved
now that I'm going there regularly but I never really did because I never grew up there I never went there a lot
but, you know, maybe in the future next couple of years I'll be more involved in stuff happening in downtown.
We'll see. Especially when I'm getting to know more people from different parts, right? [Speaker 2:] Absolutely.
So it's safe to say that you do belong and feel connected in Scarborough? [Speaker 3:] Yeah, yeah.
I mean yeah, and like this Summer, I went to a lot of like Palestinian protests, right? And they were all in downtown,
there was none in Scarborough because I guess it's the centre of the city. So, yeah that too. [Speaker 2:] Would you have liked that in Scarborough?
[Speaker 3:] Yeah sure but I think it would probably wouldn't've gotten as much attention, right?
[Speaker 2:] Mhm, yeah. [Speaker 3:] Yeah, so maybe, yeah. [Speaker 2:] Okay, all right.
Well we would like to thank you for participating in the interview. [Speaker 1:] It's a great interview, I must say.
[Speaker X?:] Thank you.